GRACE: Previously on The Secret
Life of the American Teenager...
Well, Ben's off the hook and
there'll be nothing on his record.
The whole thing is dismissed.
Look, I'm in love with
Adrian. I want to marry her.
You need to meet some
girls, some girls your age.
Ethan wants to be my friend,
even maybe my boyfriend.
You're going over to
Ricky's to meet Amy?
She wants to be friends.
I kind of doubt she wants
to be friends with you.
Who's this? They're my new best friends.
A real friend would do anything
a friend needs him or her to do.
What if Ben asked you
to have sex with him.
And he's been trying to make me
feel bad about sleeping with Adrian!
I think you might be sneaking
around trying to see Dylan.
You have to have friends
and these are the only
friends I can get right now.
I take it you're Clementine?
Yeah. Nice to meet you.
I'm Grace.
Clementine is at the same college
that Ricky and Jack go to.
You slept with her?
You think you can tell me who to date,
I think I should have every
right to tell you who to date.
What! You two do not belong together.
You want to get married?
I don't care about
Ben. I care about you.
I hope you'll give me a chance.
Do you know what you're having?
She's a girl, but I'm
letting a couple adopt her.
I forgot my stupid history book!
All right.
Well, why did you let
me leave without it,
it's on the dining room table,
right next to Clementine's sweater.
She left her sweater here, you know.
I didn't know, and I ran
down here for this delivery.
We got off to a slow start this morning.
I know. (CHUCKLES)
We stayed in bed too long
and now I'm going to be late.
Okay, you're going to be late,
not the end of the world and not really
my fault, any more than your fault.
I'm not blaming you.
Okay.
You want me to run up and get
the book for you? No, I'll get it.
What are you looking for?
I don't know, just looking around.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I know what you're thinking.
I love being married, all right?
(CHUCKLES)
It's not up there, it's
probably in the car somewhere
and I just didn't see it.
All right, well, see you later.
Oh, I forgot to tell
you, Adrian wanted me to
meet up with her and Grace after work,
but I don't think I want to do that.
I can just come home and we
can spend some time together.
It's okay with me if you meet them.
We just spent some time together.
I know, but we could
spend more time together,
and by the time that I get home
and we feed John and put him to bed
and I do my homework, I
won't have time to meet them.
Why are you telling me about this?
Tell them. Tell Grace and Adrian.
If you don't have time,
you don't have time.
Well, I just thought you could tell
Adrian when you see her at school.
I probably won't see Adrian today,
there's no English Lit today.
Not that I would tell her.
So you won't see her in the
coffee shop or somewhere,
even though you don't
have class together?
I don't always have coffee.
And I don't always see
Clementine at school,
if that's what you're asking.
No, I'm not asking about Clementine,
I know that s's your friend,
and she seems nice enough,
I don't feel threatened by her.
Here.
Here's her sweater that she forgot.
Take it to her. I don't care.
I just thought if you saw Adrian,
you could pass along the message
that I can't meet them tonight.
Okay. What's going on?
Nothing is going on. (CHUCKLES)
I just feel kind of
disorganized this morning
because I rushed out of the house.
You seem more than disorganized.
All right, maybe you're
just disorganized.
Let me know what you're doing tonight
and if you go ouout, I can ck
up John from you at the nursery.
Nah, I'm not going to go.
Bye.
You're sure everything is okay?
Yes.
If I did go out tonight,
what are you going to do?
Just what I usually do.
Okay. Okay?
Why are you pushing me to go out?
You want the house to yourself?
Uh, no. And I wouldn't have the
house to myself, I'd have John.
How can the day start out so good
and an hour later end
up with your being crazy?
If I'm crazy, maybe
it's because I'm tired.
I like to get up early.
And I don't mind staying up late.
What I'm saying is, we can have
sex any time you want. Practically.
What about what you want?
Oh. I want that, too.
(CHUCKLES)
I mean, mornings,
nights, any time of day,
any day of the week, weekends.
(LAUGHING) Okay, at this point,
I think I'll venture a guess.
Defensive sex?
You're making yourself more available
so I won't fool around
with some other woman?
I'm not going to fool
around with anyone.
You're my wife, we're married.
No we're not, but as
soon as my mom gets back,
I think we will definitely
plan that wedding.
Just to keep me from fooling
around with anyone else?
No. Yeah, that's it, isn't it?
Amy, Clementine is a friend.
She's just a friend,
a friend from my past.
I brought her here and
introduced her to you
so there wouldn't be a problem.
I know that, and I like her,
and it's not her fault
that she slept with Jack
when he's supposed to be
getting back together with Grace.
She didn't know.
I don't know either, and
it's none of our business.
But, of course, she
left her sweater here,
so maybe she was planning
to come back and get it.
Yeah, as soon as you left
for school on Monday morning?
It could happen.
A lot of things could happen,
but that's not going to happen.
It's just that...
(SIGHS) I was fine until
she showed up and reminded me
that you're at college with
a bunch of good looking women.
And Adrian.
And I feel completely
vulnerable for some reason.
What reason?
I don't know.
I'll text you later about
what I'm doing tonight.
Bye.
Give Clementine her sweater. Bye.
(SIGHS) So much for friends.
♪ Falling in love is
such an easy thing to do
♪ Birds can do it We can do it
♪ Let's stop talking Let's get to it
♪ Let's fall in love
Hi.
Busy here.
Take off. What?
You heard me. That's my girl.
Oh, you're the...
Father. Yeah. Take off.
Thanks for helping me.
What was that?
I wish I was the father.
No, you don't.
You don't want to be responsible
for my having a baby at 15.
I would never have let that happen.
I'm really good with condoms.
Yeah, but it's different when
you're using them for sex.
Joking. (BOTH LAUGH)
Does he ever call you?
The father of the baby?
No. And if he did, I
wouldn't take his call.
He knows the baby is being
adopted, he's fine with it.
So you've talked to him.
Before I left, yeah.
But he never calls just to see
how you're doing or anything?
No.
Okay, well, how are you doing?
I was doing fine,
before this conversation.
What is going on with you?
I want you to be my girlfriend,
but I don't really know how that works,
especially since I can't drive.
I think you just say you're my
boyfriend and that's pretty much it.
It'll be years before we could
actually go out on a real date.
We're both so mature, I just feel
that we should be allowed to date,
I should be allowed
to drive us on dates.
You're going to have to
take that up with the DMV,
but in the meantime, if you
do want to go out tonight,
I have to see the couple
that's adopting the baby.
You can go with me, if you want.
I'd love to be a part of that.
Part of what?
Part of your life, the baby's life.
I'm not even going to be
part of the baby's life,
I'm just giving her life.
Still. It intrigues me.
Then maybe you shouldn't go.
You shouldn't really have
intrigue around something
you've got nothing to do with.
Should you?
I've been looking for you.
I'm sorry I couldn't get out,
my dad told you, didn't he?
Yeah, he told me.
Did you talk to Henry?
Yes. I talked to Henry.
Have you talked to Henry?
How was I going to talk to Henry?
We'll talk.
Dylan, hey, I'm really sorry.
My dad held me hostage this weekend,
I couldn't leave the
house, not even with Alice.
I think what we were up to out
and I couldn't come and meet you.
I couldn't even call you. I just
got my phone back this morning.
Oh, it's okay.
It's okay? How could
it possibly be okay?
Well, Henry came over and we played
mahjong with my parents and...
I'm just going to tell
you, Henry kissed me.
Henry kissed you?
Wow. That is committed.
(LAUGHS) He kissed me for real.
What? Come on, no, he didn't.
He wants to date me.
Well, he can't date you, I'm dating you.
And hey, he wasn't supposed
to try to trick you,
he was supposed to try
to trick your parents.
He told me that he saw
me at that party first
and pointed me out to you and that
he's always wanted to go out with me.
We saw you at the same time,
and I was totally smitten
with you and I still am.
Even more so now.
Yeah, not being able to
go out with each other,
that's a bit more of a
problem than I had imagined.
What if... Just until we
can see each other again...
What if I went out with Henry,
just to make my parents happy,
and then Henry and I could break up
when you and I can see each other again.
What! It's just an idea.
I want to be with you,
but if your dad's going
to lock you in your room...
Then you're just going to go date Henry?
Well... I...
...can't do this right
now, I just can't.
Ben! I have to ask you something.
Do you regret getting involved with Amy?
Why?
Because I'm kind of
in the same situation.
With my girlfriend, Kathy.
She's having and I don't know.y
I thought you could Be my mentor even.e.
No.
Why not? You'd be the perfect mentor
and if it was official,
down in the hallways,ase you
we could schedule the
required time together.
I have no desire whatsoever
to be your mentor or
Good day, sir.mentor.
Hello, Boykewich,
most seniors have gotten paired up
with freshmen to be mentors,
but maybe you're the
one who needs a mentor
because that is not
how you treat people.
It's not how you treat me anyway.
Oh, please, having someone
be rude to you in the hallway
is the very least of the
no doubt many offenses
you'll encounter in
your high school years.
You're going to be going
through a lot more than that.
Hear ye! Hear ye!
All ye freshmen! Gather 'round.
Come on. Come. Come, it's okay.
You don't need a mentor.
You don't need anyone to guide you
through your first year here, no.
Just listen to my words
and heed my warning.
No good thing can come
of this, of high school.
You are going to get
beaten up, maybe physically,
but more likely
emotionally, count on it!
And even if you make
friends, you'll lose friends.
Even friends you've known
since the third grade.
Because this is the dumping
ground of friendships
and it's what high
school does to people!
Just chews them up and spits
them out in little pieces!
And you spend the rest of your life
trying to put those
pieces back together again!
So mark my words, you
will leave here damaged,
and need therapy for the rest of
your lives, not that you will get it.
What is wrong with you?
Some of us actually enjoy high school.
We've made wonderful friends
that we'll have throughout our lives
and we've gotten a good education,
which, hello, is what we're here for!
This is the best time of life!
You're the most damaged!
From here on out, I declare that
you will never be happy again
after you leave these hallways.
You're gonna spend the rest of your life
trying to get back
your high school years.
You're going to be chasing the
dream of how great these years were!
Because you've peaked.
Yes, you. You're never going to
have anything better than this,
your life is over, it's done.
Ben... Step into my office.
What took you so long?
+
O'MALLEY: Are you thinking of
enrolling him in another school?
LEO: I'm thinking about
going to get him if you don't.
And then, I'm going to enroll
him in the school of life.
I don't know what that means.
I don't either.
I'm just so frustrated with this kid.
I don't know what to do with him.
But he can't be allowed
to continue on like this.
No, he can't. It's not good for anyone.
Especially not Ben.
(SIGHS) I completely understand
your not wanting him to see Dylan.
On the other hand...
There is no other hand.
He's been married.
He went through the difficult decision
to do what he thought
was the right thing
and marry Adrian when
he got her pregnant,
only to lose the baby.
And then the poor guy, he
thought he'd bounce right back
when he met Dylan and...
Dylan may be just a little too
dangerous for him. Although...
There's no although.
He does feel that she's
the one person in his life
who brings him happiness right now.
I know you think you
have this all figured out.
But this isn't about Dylan.
This is all about him not getting Amy
and Ricky stealing his life.
Oh.
His entire life in high school
has been centered around
Amy and what Amy is doing
and what Ricky and Amy are doing.
He's a smart kid, he's got a high IQ,
but he's just gotten by academically
when he could have excelled if he hadn't
gotten caught up with Amy Juergens.
And if he doesn't let
go of Amy Juergens,
he's not just going to
ruin his high school years,
he's going to ruin his life.
I sn't here those first couple of years.
So, did you let him go out with Amy?
Yeah, I let him.
He saw her, he fell in love with her
and she fell in love with him.
Or she thought she was in love with him.
He didn't know about the baby,
but when he found out,
his heart went out to her,
and my heart went out to him.
So you kind of encouraged
him to get involved with Amy?
Yeah? So what?
He was happy enough,
she was happy enough.
And you shared in that
happiness to what extent?
To the extent th
I asked George Juergens
to let Ben marry Amy
and be a father to the baby...
Holy cow!
I'm responsible for
this? I am, aren't I?
Well not responsible, but...
But I had something to do with it.
I never realized.
I moved on and he didn't.
I'm an adult and he's
still not an adult.
I guess maybe if I talked to him,
if I shared in some
of the responsibility
for him being so obsessed,
we could find some common ground
and make it easier for him.
Thank you. You're welcome.
Want me to go get him out of class?
No.
You know what? I'm going to take
some time to think about this.
I want to gather my thoughts
before I talk to him.
That's probably a good idea.
Say hello to your family.
I know that you really like Ethan,
but maybe having him too involved
in the pregnancy is a bad idea.
It's going to be very
tough on you having a baby
and then letting this couple adopt her.
It's not that it's not the right
thing, because I think it is.
It's still just going to be
difficult, because you love her.
And, Kathy, Ethan is
falling in love with you,
and the baby is a part of you
and he's going to fall
in love with her, too.
It's going to be very difficult for him
to see you letting go of her.
And in a way, you're involving him
in the biggest decision of your
life, and you hardly know him.
No one said anything about
being in love with anyone.
You don't think Ethan
is in love with you?
No! Where did you get that?
From the big grin he gets on
his face every time he sees you.
You noticed, too? Yes.
Look, guys are just
as emotional as girls.
So, if you're thinking
that he can just be a friend
and then emotionally distance
himself from the baby...
Well, then, I doubt that that's true.
I'm not you. And he's not Ben.
Ben?
Yeah, Ethan was trying to get advice
about being the boyfriend
to a pregnant girl from Ben
when Ben blew up this morning.
Oh. I didn't know. So,
that's what set him off?
That's what set him off.
Ethan asked for some advice,
then suggested that Ben be
his mentor and then ka-boom.
(SIGHS)
+
You're gonna have, like, a big
wedding dress, the veil and all that?
Oh! We could be your
bridesmaids, if you want.
'Cause you're gonna want more
than Madison and Lauren, right?
(LAUGHS) Thank you, but I don't think
we're going to have bridesmaids, no.
And I don't think I'm going to
wear a big white wedding dress.
We have a baby.
I wore a big white wedding
dress and I was pregnant.
Hey, you know what?
Why don't you borrow my wedding dress?
You could have it taken in.
Thanks, but no.
That's not really a good idea.
Yeah, guess not.
That would probably put
Ben right over the edge.
Seeing that dress on you
when you're marrying Ricky.
I don't know about that, but...
I think I'm just going
to wear something simple.
Maybe the dress that I wore
the first time we got married.
When we eloped.
How was that?
Good. It was really good.
Where'd you go?
Just some place that I
read about on the internet.
Where?
I don't know, it was just a little town
somewhere off the freeway.
What little town?
It wasn't like there
was a town actually,
it was just this little chapel.
Where'd you go for the honeymoon?
A hotel, and it was very nice.
You don't know the name of it?
Yeah. The Blue Quail Lodge.
I think eloping is
totally the way to go.
Yes. Unless your family gets upset
and insists on a second wedding.
Right.
I think when Jack and I get married,
we'll just elope and
just take our parents.
Like his mom and dad and...
Your mom and my dad?
And when will that be Grace?
I don't know, okay?
But if Ricky can be faithful to Amy,
then I'm sure at some point,
Jack will be faithful to me
and everything will work out just fine.
Amy, are you sure Ricky
is faithful to you?
He was never faithful to me.
He's never been faithful to anyone.
Yes, I'm sure that he's faithful to me.
Of course I'm sure.
Why? Do you know something that I don't?
No. No.
But if he and Clementine were
living in the same house together...
Adrian, when they were,
like, 12 or something.
He's never slept with her, and
he's not sleeping with her now.
Well, she hardly has time
for that, I would imagine.
We're married and we're
going to stay married,
and neither of us are ever going to
have sexex with anyone else ever again.
Yeah, well, that's fine for him,
but he's the only guy
you've ever been with.
Aren't you even curious?
No, I'm not. I like that.
I like that I've only
ever been with him.
And he likes that, too.
Of course he does.
I never wanted anyone else.
Not even Ben?
Because, let me tell you, that
Benny is right at the top of my list.
Not even Ben. No one other than Ricky.
I slept with three guys, and Jack
is definitely at the top of my list.
Really? Jack?
What's wrong with Jack?
Too timid.
Look, I wasn't criticizing,
I was just saying,
you've only ever been with the one guy,
and I'm happy to say
that's not my situation
because I can say
with absolute certainty
that if I were to marry Omar,
I would be happy to just be with
Omar for the rest of my life.
Too timid how?
'Cause Jack's not timid.
He's anything but timid.
Hey, who am I to judge?
All right. I really have to go.
Oh, don't go! This is
what girlfriends do.
They talk about guys.
Okay. Well, I just don't
think it's nice, all right?
Comparing guys sexually.
Well, they talk about us!
I can only answer for myself.
And I don't think it's very nice
to sit around talking about guys
and comparing what they're like in bed.
And honestly, I'm just like really tired
and I would just rather
be home with my husband.
So, I made time to
be with the two of you
because we're supposed to be friends.
And I want to be friends,
but I don't like this,
so I'm just gonna go home.
Goodnight. I'll text
you later or something.
Timid?
(CHUCKLES)
Hey, Amy.
Kind of late, isn't it?
Is it? I was just...
Coming over to spend the night?
When's mom coming home?
Soon. Good.
I really want to get that
wedding going. I want a wedding.
Absolutely. If that's what you
want then that's what you'll have.
When?
The sooner the better.
Are you all right?
Just needed to talk to someone.
All right, let's go somewhere and
talk. Want to get a bite to eat?
Yeah, I would. But aren't you
a little busy?
I'm never too busy for you.
I'll meet you at Geoff's.
Okay.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
George?
Uh, something just came up.
I ran into Amy out front and she
needs to go someplace and talk.
I thought she was hanging
out with Grace and Adrian.
All I know is, she needs to talk so...
So I'll see you tomorrow?
Sorry.
That's okay.
I love you, Kathleen.
I love you.
+
And I stupidly invited this girl over.
It wasn't stupid.
It's good for you to know
who Ricky's friends are.
And he's not hiding her, so
those two aren't doing anything,
if that's what you're
thinking. I'd put money on it.
No. No, I don't think that
they're doing anything,
but it put this doubt in my mind that
he could do something.
Everyone could do something.
I think he's done enough.
I don't think he's interested in doing
anything with anyone other than you.
But, Dad...
What if I'm boring?
I'm sorry, I don't know who
to talk to other than you.
No, you can talk to me.
Uh, is everything okay
in that department?
I can't believe I'm asking that.
Yeah, I mean, I think
everything is okay.
But, Dad,
Ricky has been with lots of women.
And I've never been with anyone but him.
So how do I know?
That's the girl mind talking.
Guys don't think like that.
I'm sure no sex is
boring to your husband.
Or anyone's husband. Or
boyfriend. Or whatever.
Guys just like sex.
But don't guys like to have sex
with different women, not just one?
No, not necessarily.
There are a lot of advantages of
being in a monogamous relationship.
One, it's a dangerous world out there
and God only knows what you can
catch these days from casual hook-ups.
And two, even if it becomes predictable,
it's still good.
At least you know what you're getting.
It's like always having
chicken pot pie on Wednesday.
Nothing wrong with chicken pot pie.
You and mom, you...
did do it more than once a
week on Wednesdays, right?
I don't think we need to discuss that.
Okay, I would just like to know if I'm
genetically inferior sexually.
I don't even know if
there is such a thing.
It's all good. You worry too much.
What are you doing eating
pizza all alone in the dark?
Oh. I just felt like
having a little snack.
By yourself?
George was supposed to stop by
and then he ran into Amy outside
and then the two of them
went to get a bite to eat.
I'll see him tomorrow.
Yeah, we were having a little
discussion about, you know, guys.
And I think Amy got
a little uncomfortable
because she's not as
experienced as Adrian and me.
As you?
Well, you know who I've been with.
I mean, there was that
one time with Jack,
and then that one time with Daniel,
and then lots of times with Grant.
Yeah? And your experience
makes you superior somehow?
My experience just makes
me more experienced.
Honey, Amy's been living
with Ricky for a while.
What is this, some kind of contest
of how many partners or the
number of times you've done it?
Mom! Grace!
No wonder Amy left.
Why?
Because you and Adrian
obviously made her feel awkward.
Adrian was the one that
made things awkward.
She's slept with both of our boyfriends.
With Jack and with Ricky.
And then she said that Jack's
not at the top of her list.
She said he's timid.
Honey, it's not nice to
share details about sex
with women, or men, or anyone.
Everyone is different with
every partner they have.
Go on.
Well, Jack may not have
been into sex with Adrian
because he was just looking for sex.
He didn't have any
real feelings for her.
Honey, sex isn't great
every time you have sex.
Or at least that's my experience.
Really?
(SIGHS)
How do I explain it?
Just try.
Good sex depends on a good relationship.
And a good relationship
depends on a lot of things.
Good communication,
how well you know someone,
how comfortable you
feel around that person.
What about technique?
Oh please. There's
no technique involved,
other than consideration
for the other person.
You're kidding?
Maybe oversimplifying,
but, no, I'm not kidding.
Why?
Are you worried about not knowing
what you're doing or something?
Well...
He cheated.
Jack? Recently?
After I talked to him
and his dad talked to him?
You're kidding me!
Nope.
He declared his love for me,
and then didn't think I would respond.
So then he went and had sex with
some girl he just met at school.
Okay.
So what now?
Now I don't know. I forgave
him and I forgave her.
Truthfully, I don't even
care that he slept with her.
What? I don't know.
I just feel like maybe
I'm asking too much.
For him to be in an
exclusive relationship with me
if I'm not going to
have sex with him, so...
No, you're not.
You ask for at you want and if
he can't give you what you want,
then get out of the relationship.
Honey, if the two of you
care about each other,
you will wait a while
and see how things go.
But if he keeps doing that,
then you need to have enough
self-respect to break up with him.
I hate to say this,
Mom, but I just feel like
even if I did have sex with him,
he'd still want to have sex
with other women. Like dad did.
I don't know. Maybe you and I...
Maybe we're not
capable of pleasing a man
on a long term basis,
if you know what I mean.
Good Lord.
Well, you are sitting here alone.
Where the hell did you get that notion?
That is crazy. And
very self-destructive.
And you made me feel
self-conscious about
something that I haven't
felt self-conscious about
since I was your age.
Grace, I'm really happy
that we're talking.
And I hope that I can save
you from a lot of anxiety.
And I assure you, that there is
nothing wrong with either of us.
(SIGHS)
I hope not.
I'd hate to see another
marriage fail for you.
+
- Hey, Can we talk?
- I'm kind of busy right now.
Yeah, I got that one.
I want to talk to you.
I was hoping that you
would drop by the bookstore,
have some coffee, clear the air,
but, no, you're hiding in your
room so you can make this all weird.
Uh, make what all weird?
We were together for a
night, we had a good time.
Nothing weird about it.
Other than you showing up in my room.
Look, I don't sleep around.
I haven't slept with a lot
of guys. You came on to me.
You said you were
falling in love with me,
and told me we had an undeniable
attraction to each other.
And you agreed.
Jack, you lied.
You weren't falling in love
with me, you just wanted me.
Yeah, I did. And at the moment,
I thought maybe I was
falling in love with you.
While you were also in love with Grace?
Can't a person be in love with
two people at the same time?
No!
Doctor Zhivago? Who?
It was an old movie.
I'm not an old movie.
I'm a nice girl.
And I thought that you were a nice guy
and a friend of Ricky's,
but he's very particular
about his friends, you know.
I am a friend of Ricky's
and I am a nice guy.
You're not a nice guy.
You didn't even call me.
I should have called you.
And I shouldn't have tried to
sleep with you in the first place
because I knew I thought I
was going back with Grace.
It was the wrong thing to
do and I'm really sorry.
That's the thing about sex, Jack.
You can't take it back.
You made me feel really bad about
myself when you didn't call me.
And then I felt even
worse when I met Grace.
Because I don't go after
guys who are in relationships.
You know why?
Because when I was eight, my father
left my mother for another woman.
My mother became depressed, she
started drinking and doing drugs.
And eventually I was
taken ouout of my home
and was basically unadoptable
because my dad was still around,
he just didn't want to
take responsibility for me.
So I went from one home
to another, to another.
All because my dad wanted to sleep
with a woman that he wasn't married to.
And he didn't marry her.
He stayed with her a couple of years
and then he moved on to another,
and another, and another.
So when I do something stupid
like believe auy when he says
he's falling in love with me,
I get really angry with myself.
And with the guy.
I keyed your truck.
Goodnight.
Not really. But I thought about it.
(SIGHS)
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hello. I was wondering
if you were going to call.
Are you studying? I was.
And then Clementine dropped by.
She just yelled at me and left.
Oh. Well, good for Clementine.
Although, she could have
done that over the phone.
I was avoiding her calls.
Well, next time she calls, pick up.
There's not going to
be a next time, Grace.
I've been really stupid.
I've been trying to get
back with you for years.
And if all it takes for
you to take me seriously
is that I go back to church
and try to be a better person,
a Christian even, then
that's what I'm going to do.
Because Clementine yelled at you?
Never mind. I'll take it.
Thank you.
Jack, this is going to be so
great, you and me. Together.
Not having sex again.
I love you.
(SIGHS) I love you, too.
Thanks.
So you don't even see
yourself in competition
with the deceased Dr.
Bowman or Dr. Tsegaye?
Hell, no. It's not a competition.
When Kathleen and I married the
first time, things were fine,
and I'm sure things
will be better this time.
I hope so. 'Cause she
cheated on you the first time.
Oh, yeah. I forgot about that.
But that wasn't about
sex, that was about socks.
It's a long story.
Sex is about relationships and
Kathleen and I have a good relationship.
You and Ricky have a good relationship.
Yeah, if I don't turn out...
If you don't turn out what?
(CHUCKLES) Nothing.
Were you going to say gay?
Do you think I'm gay? Are you kidding?
Why would you think you're gay?
It would seem you're
the opposite of gay.
I don't know what I mean by that.
Oh. Oh, I know.
Because your mom is gay and
the rumors did bother you.
Yes, they did. Of course they did.
Amy, you're not going to
wake up one day and be gay.
Mom did. No, she didn't.
It just took a long
time for her to go there.
When we grew up, things were different.
People were not so accepting.
Not that they're totally accepting
now, but things are better.
And hopefully things
will keep getting better.
Because hopefully more and more
parents and kids are talking about sex.
I'm just afraid that
I'm doing something wrong
and that Ricky is going
to go off to someone else
because I'm doing something wrong.
And then I will have wrecked
two lives, Ricky's and Ben's.
Ben is still not over me and I may
not even be a suitable obsession.
Look, people want to
believe gays are born gay.
But to me, that implies that there
is a reason that people are gay
and that implies that
there needs to be a reason.
I don't like people blaming being gay
on genetics or anything else,
because no blame needs to be assigned.
People are gay or they're not,
and it doesn't matter
where that comes from.
And just because your parent is gay
does not mean you are gay. I swear.
All right, all right.
I mean, I don't know
if gays are not born gay
or it could be a gene.
Griffin and his two
brothers are all gay.
His parents aren't!
No one has found a gay gene.
And I question why we're
even looking for one.
But let's get back to you.
I think you just met
this friend of Ricky's
and you're just feeling insecure.
And you're afraid he's
going to fool around
and so you're blaming
yourself for something
I don't think will ever happen.
He's a good guy.
But I don't think it would
hurt to have a second wedding,
you know, to seal the deal.
Yeah, me neither. Why's that?
Don't tell me anything
I don't want to know.
Thanks for dinner. Sure.
Ben's still pining for you?
Yeah.
+
- You wanted to see me?
- Hours ago.
I didn't feel like it hours ago.
Who are you kidding? You've
been holding out for hours
even though you were curious
about what I wanted to say to you.
What do you want to say to me?
I'm sorry.
You're what?
I'm sorry, I didn't realize
how much pain you've been in.
And I heard about your little
speech you gave in the hallway,
and I realized that your high
school years have been really lousy.
Partly because of me.
How so?
I'm the one who
encouraged you to go for it
when you fell in love with Amy
and I shouldn't have done that.
I should have at least
tried to discourage you.
You did try to discourage me.
Or you tried to discourage Amy.
I didn't do a very good job.
I believe at one point
you sent me to Bologna.
Which didn't work.
Although it was a nice distraction.
I'm glad you enjoyed yourself.
Yeah, I kind of did enjoy myself.
But what's your point?
Is this your excuse for taking
extreme measures to keep me from Dylan,
because you didn't try hard
enough to keep me from Amy?
I don't need an excuse.
At this point you should be able to see
that that's not a healthy
relationship for you.
You know what? I think
maybe the problem is that
you went from doing nothing
and giving me complete freedom
to choose who I want to be with
to being a prison guard.
I'm trying to smooth things
over with you here, so...
So what? Nothing has changed.
I'm still standing
here getting a lecture
and I still can't go out with Dylan.
But believe me, I'm gonna
find a way to see her.
You probably will. I will.
Go ahead.
Although I hear she's seeing Henry now.
For real.
Where did you hear that?
Dylan's father. They
seem to really like him.
They don't even know him!
They don't know what a scoundrel he is!
He turned on me.
He was supposed to go
over there to trick them
into letting Dylan go out with me
and then he went for it.
He kissed her! And you slept with Alice.
Well, he doesn't know that.
He might. How?
Did you tell him? No.
Well, the only people that
know that are me, you and Alice.
Are we done here?
Unless you want to apologize
for your own behavior.
No. I don't.
My own behavior is completely justified.
I own it.
Good night.
(SIGHING)
Ah! Look who made himself a sandwich.
I can take care of myself. I
can totally take care of myself.
I've been taking care of
myself since I was eight.
Uh-oh. Girlfriend trouble?
What makes you say that?
Your attitude.
What's up?
I was invited to go with Kathy
to meet the adoptive parents,
then I got uninvited.
Oh. No surprise.
Looks like someone didn't
think through that invitation
before she extended it.
What do you mean?
I mean you don't need to get
in the middle of an adoption.
It's a very vulnerable
situation and it can be wonderful
or things can go wrong.
Like what?
Like a boyfriend trying to keep
a girlfriend from giving up a baby
after she's found the right
couple, the right home.
I wouldn't say anything about
her giving away her baby.
She's not giving her away.
She's providing a good home
and good parents for her
by allowing the baby to be adopted.
It's a very unselfish thing to do.
And it's not like knowing your mother
and then having your mother abandon you.
She's not abandoning her.
I wasn't thinking that, I
know she's not like my mother.
It's not the same situation I was in.
Then what were you thinking?
I don't know, that maybe...
You have a lot of kids
in and out of here,
you have, so...
maybe you could take the baby.
Ethan, that's just the kind
of thing I was talking about.
This is not our issue.
This is none of our business.
Kathy has her own plan,
and that's her baby, and
she's doing the right thing.
Well, excuse me for trying to help.
Hey!
(SIGHING)
Hi. Hi.
For someone who didn't
have time to go out,
it's kind of late, isn't it?
Yeah. I went out with my dad.
I went over to see Grace's guest house
and hang out with her and Adrian,
and as I was leaving, I ran
into my dad and we went out.
You could've called me.
I guess.
u weren't worried about me, were you?
Yeah, I was worried about you.
It's late, it's a school night.
I know.
What's so funny?
Well, you know, you're
just being kind of parental.
What's going on?
It's just that you were so concerned
about my sneaking around
and sleeping around
and then you go out and stay out
hours longer than I thought you would.
So I thought maybe you were
sneaking around and sleeping around.
Did you give Clementine
her sweater back today?
No. I didn't. It's still in my car.
And really, next time you're
out all night, call me.
Or at least text me.
Out of battery. How convenient.
I'm sorry. I should have called you.
I didn't know that
you'd be so concerned.
All right, well, next time...
Next time.
What were you and your dad
talking about until 11:00 at night?
Does he know we didn't go through
with it, we're not married?
He might, he's not saying.
So you didn't talk about that?
No. We talked about sex.
Generic sex or us?
Us. Or not us. Me.
What?
(EXHALING)
Might as well just tell you.
You might as well tell me what?
I wanted to rush off and get married
not only because I don't want
my weird family at our wedding,
but because...
Because I just thought that
I might be gay like my mom.
So, I kind of wanted
to rush and get married
before I woke up gay one morning.
What?
I know, I'm an idiot.
I'm not gay, I know I'm not gay.
But after everything that's happened,
it just made me wonder,
and I don't know.
Well, maybe we should
take some time tonight
to make sure you're not gay.
I knew you'd turn any
discussion about this into that.
So, that's why I talked to my dad.
I'm sorry. You could have talked to me.
I don't think you're gay.
I don't think I'm gay, either.
But I've been thinking about it, Ricky.
And you've been with a lot of women
who might be better in bed than I am.
And it might be because
I'm inexperienced
or it might be because I'm gay.
Nothing is better than being with you.
Nothing has ever been
better than being with you.
Sex for me to begin with
was an expression of anger.
Then it became just sex for sex.
And then it became kind of fun.
But only as long as there wasn't
any emotional aspect to it.
Once I fell in love with you
and I knew I wanted to be with
you for the rest of my life
and that you felt the same
way, I mean, that was it.
It was a completely
different experience.
But it's still fun, right?
It's still fun.
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello.
Well?
Well what?
Did you play the jealousy card?
Yeah.
Did it work?
See. That's how you Just
don't take it too far.
Okay.
I know a little something.
Have a nice life.
Thanks.
Synced By YesCool
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org